Thanks for choosing VIP service.

If you are using the Service on behalf of an organization or entity (“Organization”), then you are agreeing to these Terms on behalf of the Organization. In that case, “you” and “your” may refer to the Organization. Please read these terms carefully before start using our Service.

Change of Terms of Service

From time to time, we may modify existing terms and/or update these terms with additional terms that apply to the Service. For example, we may modify existing terms to reflect any mandatory changes to the law. You should check the terms regularly to keep informed. Note, changes will not apply retroactively and will become effective thirty (30) days after they are posted on our website. Changes addressing new functions for the Service or changes made for legal reasons may be effective immediately. You should discontinue your use of our Service if you do not agree with updated/modified Terms.

Your Content in Our Service

Our service allows you to upload, download and store content, including but not limited to, information, text, graphics, videos, audios, or other material (“Content”). You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that Content. We reserve our right at all times, but are not obligated, to remove or refuse to distribute any Content through the Service including your Content.

Using Our Service

You must follow any policies made available to you within the Service. You may only use our Service as permitted by law. We may investigate and/or suspend or terminate our Service to you at any time if we find your use of our Service violates the Terms and/or any policies.

Using our Service does not grant you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Service or the content you may have access to. You may not use any copyrighted content in our Service unless you obtain permission from the content owner and/or are otherwise permitted by law. The Terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in our Service.

You must not abuse and/or misuse our Service, including but not limited to, doing the following things:

Using the Service for any unlawful purposes or activities;
Uploading any content to the Service in violation of any applicable law, including but not limited to, intellectual property laws and publicity laws;
Accessing or tampering with the Service’s server systems;
Interfering with or disrupting the access of any user, host, or network;
We will determine abuse and/or misuse of our Service in its sole discretion.

VIP Subscription Service and Payment

You may choose our free Service or paid subscription Service which automatically renews at the end of your billing period (“VIP”) depending on your need. We do not guarantee when, if ever, VIP features will be available in the free Service. You can upgrade from free Service to VIP at any time by following instructions on VIP page.

When a free trial of VIP is offered, you will have access to all VIP features. After the free trial period, if you choose not to upgrade to VIP, features available to you will be limited to free Service. You will be charged with the amount shown on Pricing before you can access VIP. All prices shown on Pricing are inclusive of any applicable sales taxes, levies, value-added taxes, or duties imposed by taxing authorities, and you are responsible for the forwarding/remittance of all such taxes, levies, or duties (except for E.U. Customers, where the Euro pricing includes mandatory E.U. VAT charges).
